# Slot Machine Project

A small python script to simulate slots in your terminal.



## Installation

Use the package manager [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install the required libraries.

```bash
pip install requirements.txt
```



## Usage

Start the script by running the file with python.

```bash
python slot_machine.py
```


> â—ï¸ Error
>
> If the command prompt isn't properly showing the emojis for the slot machine, type ```chcp 65001 ``` into the terminal to change it to UTF-8



## Changing probabilities

Probabilities are generated by the function ```def get_results()```.

```python
def get_result():
    if random.choice(range(1, 20)) == 1:
        return "7"
    if random.choice(range(1, 15)) == 1:
        return "ðŸ’Ž"
    if random.choice(range(1, 8)) == 1:
        return "ðŸ‹"
    if random.choice(range(1, 3)) == 1:
        return "ðŸ’"
    else:
        return " "
```

To change these probabilities, change the numbers within the ```random.choice(range(1, 20))``` random choice generators.

> For example, if you wanted 7 to be a 1 in 100 chance:
>
> ```python 
> if random.choice(range(1, 100)) == 1:
>   return "7"
> ```


Furthermore, there is a section dedicated to making winning more likely, to make the game a bit more fun at the expense of realism.

```python
if random.choice(range(1, 5)) == 1:
    result[1] = result[0]
    if random.choice(range(1, 3)) == 1:
        result[2] = result[0]
```


All this does is give a 1 in 5 chance to make the second slot the same value as the first. 
And if it hits, there is another 1 in 3 chance to make the last one the same as the first one as well, guaranteeing a win if it isn't blank.

If you want to get rid of this functionality or simply change the probabilities, you can do so in the same way the ```get_result()``` function is changed.



## Contributing

Obviously this isn't an extraordinary project or anything, but I am still willing to learn! If someone would like to review this code and give me a few pointers, feel free to make a pull request.
Please make sure to open an issue first to discuss any suggested changes.



## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)


